Added section about integrating collaboration plugins in React apps. (#5810)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/frameworks/react.md

export default App;
```

> ### Note: Using the editor with collaboration plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the editor with collaboration plugins
```

Author: 🤔 I agree that `Note:` should not be a part of the heading. But the two headings above contain the `Note:` part as well 😅

Reviewer: Good point, let's remove the other two, then? ;)

Author: I've removed them. Please, take a look now :)

The easiest way to integrate {@link features/collaboration collaboration plugins} in a React application is to build the editor from source including collaboration plugins together with the React application.

For such scenario we provide a few ready-to-use integrations featuring collaborative editing in React applications:

- [CKEditor 5 with real-time collaboration features](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-collaboration-samples/tree/master/real-time-collaboration-for-react)

- [CKEditor 5 with the track changes feature](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-collaboration-samples/tree/master/track-changes-for-react)

It is not mandatory to build applications on top of the above samples, however, they should help you get started.

> Note: These integrations are meant to be as simple as possible, thus they do not use Create React App CLI, though you should have no problem starting from `CRA` after reading the below sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: These integrations are meant to be as simple as possible, so they do not use Create React App CLI. However, you should have no problem starting from `CRA` after reading the sections below.
```
